W-14659026-SFDC-Bridge-se (#359)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-bot-1.1.6-release-notes.adoc

[%header,cols="2a,1a"]
|===
| Issue Resolution | ID

> | RPA Bot now successfully executes all Invocable processes, no longer causing process instances to stop working on RPA Manager. | W-12250345

Reviewer: Global: Does Invocable have to be initial-capped?

| RPA Bot now verifies the integrity of downloaded `.zip` packages by checking for common threats, file size limits, and valid content structure. | W-11697767
| Requesting a log file package no longer marks the task result as `failed` if it was successful. | W-11346639

> | RPA Bot no longer causes an error when RPA Manager tries to restart an invocable process that filed its execution on the bot. | W-11680817

Reviewer: "Filed its execution" sounds funny to me. Did you mean to say "failed"?

> | RPA Bot no longer causes an error when RPA Manager tries to restart an invocable process that filed its execution on the bot. | W-11680817

Reviewer: Required now

```suggestion
| RPA Bot no longer causes an error when RPA Manager tries to restart an invocable process that failed when executing on the bot. | W-11680817
```
